---
layout: post
title: Anti-Ageing Johnson
---

Bryan Johnson, a centi-millionaire who became famous for his quest to reverse ageing is no stranger to being involved in controversy, but a recent controversial post and herein the public reaction has made me pay attention:

After doing all the scientific protocols under the sun and becoming “the world's most tested man” he has developed a chronic auto-immune disorder. He has stated that this was from his earlier lifestyle as a stressed-out, junk-eating, nuking-the-gut entrepreneur. While critics are saying it's all those “unnatural” protocols he's undertaking.  

The internet was sure to make fun of him by saying things like “he'll be outlived by an alcoholic, chain-smoking Italian man”… And while I found the online rhetoric and polemics initially amusing, I stumbled upon a tweet by naval that made me think deeper 



> ”If the child loved the parents as much as the parents loved the child, their passing would be intolerable.” 

---

I rarely give aging much thought, but as I approach 30 I'm starting to notice it. Not necessarily in myself, but my parents and their parents and the parents of my peers. With my grandparents, there's a sadness I feel seeing the wrinkles multiply on their faces, the joy for life silently leaving their bodies with every long-distance phone call we have. I don't know how many years they have left, but living in Asia while they live in Europe does things much harder and I'm sure many others are in the same spot. 

I have an American friend in Asia and recently he got hit with the news of his dad's passing which made him move back to the states. During our recent call he revealed to me that he will be staying in the US permanently to take care of his mother and stay close to his family. I ultimately think this is the right move for him, and I also wonder what will happen to me and my family? 

My goal was to build a base in Asia so that my parents have somewhere to go if the EU falls apart but in a scenario where my dad could become ill, would I stay in Asia or would I move back to Ireland to take care of him? And what about my partner's family? If they got sick would we have to move next to them and take care of them? 

And a lot of my worries would be eliminated if Bryan Johnson was successful - if he figured out a way to reverse ageing and my parents and your parents could stay young as long as they avoided accidents - I wouldn't have these worries. So isn't it a shame that he is being blasted left, right and center for even trying to solve this problem? 

---

My partner's mother came to visit us recently and admittedly, I was a little hesitant to see what she looked like since I've heard a lot of advice along the lines of “if you want to know what your girlfriend will turn out like - look at her mother”. I really like my partner and I didn't want to feel disappointed.  I had a call with my father about this and he told me a different piece of advice that helped me deal with the situation;

“Some age slower, some age faster, but everybody gets old eventually”. 

On the one hand this advice made me feel more at ease about ageing, on the other hand - I hope people like Bryan Johnson succeed. 
